%1. Title: primerobrazi Database
% 
% 2. Sources:
%      (a) Creator: Trpin, A.
%      (b) Donor: UCI MACHINE LEARNING REPOSITORY  
%      (c) Date: July, 2018
% 
% 3. Past Usage:
%    - Publications: too many to mention!!!  
%    1. 
% 
@relation primerobrazi

@attribute filename string
@attribute class {ani, at, boland, bpm, ch, cheyer, chon, danieln, glickman, }

@data

an2i_left_angry_open.jpg                              
an2i_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg                   
an2i_left_happy_open.jpg                              
an2i_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg                      
an2i_left_neutral_open.jpg                              
an2i_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg                     
an2i_left_sad_open.jpg                                   
an2i_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg                     
an2i_right_angry_open.jpg                                  
an2i_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg                       
an2i_right_happy_open.jpg               
an2i_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg         
an2i_right_neutral_open.jpg             
an2i_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg       
an2i_right_sad_open.jpg                 
an2i_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg           
an2i_straight_angry_open.jpg            
an2i_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg      
an2i_straight_happy_open.jpg            
an2i_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg      
an2i_straight_neutral_open.jpg          
an2i_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg    
an2i_straight_sad_open.jpg              
an2i_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg        
an2i_up_angry_open.jpg                  
an2i_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg            
an2i_up_happy_open.jpg                  
an2i_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg            
an2i_up_neutral_open.jpg               
an2i_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg          
an2i_up_sad_open.jpg                    
an2i_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg   

at33_left_angry_open.jpg                
at33_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg          
at33_left_happy_open.jpg                
at33_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg          
at33_left_neutral_open.jpg              
at33_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg        
at33_left_sad_open.jpg                  
at33_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg            
at33_right_angry_open.jpg               
at33_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg        
at33_right_happy_open.jpg               
at33_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg         
at33_right_neutral_open.jpg             
at33_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg       
at33_right_sad_open.jpg                 
at33_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg           
at33_straight_angry_open.jpg            
at33_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg      
at33_straight_happy_open.jpg            
at33_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg      
at33_straight_neutral_open.jpg        
at33_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg    
at33_straight_sad_open.jpg             
at33_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg       
at33_up_angry_open.jpg                 
at33_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg            
at33_up_happy_open.jpg                  
at33_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg           
at33_up_neutral_open.jpg                
at33_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg         
at33_up_sad_open.jpg                   
at33_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg              

boland_left_angry_open.jpg            
boland_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg        
boland_left_happy_open.jpg              
boland_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg        
boland_left_neutral_open.jpg           
boland_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg      
boland_left_sad_open.jpg                
boland_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg          
boland_right_angry_open.jpg            
boland_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg       
boland_right_happy_open.jpg            
boland_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg       
boland_right_neutral_open.jpg           
boland_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg     
boland_right_sad_open.jpg              
boland_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg         
boland_straight_angry_open.jpg          
boland_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg    
boland_straight_happy_open.jpg         
boland_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg    
boland_straight_neutral_open.jpg        
boland_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg  
boland_straight_sad_open.jpg            
boland_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg     
boland_up_angry_open.jpg                
boland_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg          
boland_up_happy_open.jpg                
boland_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg          
boland_up_neutral_open.jpg              
boland_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg       
boland_up_sad_open.jpg                  
boland_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg           

bpm_left_angry_open.jpg                
bpm_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg         
bpm_left_happy_open.jpg                 
bpm_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg         
bpm_left_neutral_open.jpg              
bpm_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg         
bpm_left_sad_open.jpg                   
bpm_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg            
bpm_right_angry_open.jpg                
bpm_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg         
bpm_right_happy_open.jpg                
bpm_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg          
bpm_right_neutral_open.jpg             
bpm_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg        
bpm_right_sad_open.jpg                  
bpm_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg            
bpm_straight_angry_open.jpg             
bpm_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg      
bpm_straight_happy_open.jpg            
bpm_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg       
bpm_straight_neutral_open.jpg           
bpm_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg     
bpm_straight_sad_open.jpg               
bpm_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg        
bpm_up_angry_open.jpg                  
bpm_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg             
bpm_up_happy_open.jpg                   
bpm_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg             
bpm_up_neutral_open.jpg                 
bpm_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg         
bpm_up_sad_open.jpg                     
bpm_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg              

ch4f_left_angry_open.jpg                kawamura_straight_sad_open.jpg            steffi_right_neutral_open.jpg
ch4f_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg          kawamura_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg      steffi_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_left_happy_open.jpg                kawamura_up_angry_open.jpg                steffi_right_sad_open.jpg
ch4f_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg          kawamura_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg          steffi_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_left_neutral_open.jpg              kawamura_up_happy_open.jpg                steffi_straight_angry_open.jpg
ch4f_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg        kawamura_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg          steffi_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_left_sad_open.jpg                  kawamura_up_neutral_open.jpg              steffi_straight_happy_open.jpg
ch4f_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg            kawamura_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg        steffi_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_right_angry_open.jpg               kawamura_up_sad_open.jpg                  steffi_straight_neutral_open.jpg
ch4f_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg         kawamura_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg            steffi_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_right_happy_open.jpg               kk49_left_angry_open.jpg                  steffi_straight_sad_open.jpg
ch4f_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg         kk49_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg            steffi_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_right_neutral_open.jpg             kk49_left_happy_open.jpg                  steffi_up_angry_open.jpg
ch4f_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg       kk49_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg            steffi_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_right_sad_open.jpg                 kk49_left_neutral_open.jpg                steffi_up_happy_open.jpg
ch4f_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg           kk49_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg          steffi_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_straight_angry_open.jpg            kk49_left_sad_open.jpg                    steffi_up_neutral_open.jpg
ch4f_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg      kk49_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg              steffi_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_straight_happy_open.jpg            kk49_right_angry_open.jpg                 steffi_up_sad_open.jpg
ch4f_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg      kk49_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg           steffi_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_straight_neutral_open.jpg          kk49_right_happy_open.jpg                 sz24_left_angry_open.jpg
ch4f_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg    kk49_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg           sz24_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_straight_sad_open.jpg              kk49_right_neutral_open.jpg               sz24_left_happy_open.jpg
ch4f_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg        kk49_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg         sz24_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_up_angry_open.jpg                  kk49_right_sad_open.jpg                   sz24_left_neutral_open.jpg
ch4f_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg            kk49_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg             sz24_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_up_happy_open.jpg                  kk49_straight_angry_open.jpg              sz24_left_sad_open.jpg
ch4f_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg            kk49_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg        sz24_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_up_neutral_open.jpg                kk49_straight_happy_open.jpg              sz24_right_angry_open.jpg
ch4f_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg          kk49_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg        sz24_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
ch4f_up_sad_open.jpg                    kk49_straight_neutral_open.jpg            sz24_right_happy_open.jpg
ch4f_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg              kk49_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg      sz24_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg

cheyer_left_angry_open.jpg              kk49_straight_sad_open.jpg                sz24_right_neutral_open.jpg
cheyer_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg        kk49_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg          sz24_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_left_happy_open.jpg              kk49_up_angry_open.jpg                    sz24_right_sad_open.jpg
cheyer_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg        kk49_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg              sz24_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_left_neutral_open.jpg            kk49_up_happy_open.jpg                    sz24_straight_angry_open.jpg
cheyer_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg      kk49_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg              sz24_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_left_sad_open.jpg                kk49_up_neutral_open.jpg                  sz24_straight_happy_open.jpg
cheyer_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg          kk49_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg            sz24_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_right_angry_open.jpg             kk49_up_sad_open.jpg                      sz24_straight_neutral_open.jpg
cheyer_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg       kk49_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg                sz24_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_right_happy_open.jpg             megak_left_angry_open.jpg                 sz24_straight_sad_open.jpg
cheyer_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg       megak_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg           sz24_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_right_neutral_open.jpg           megak_left_happy_open.jpg                 sz24_up_angry_open.jpg
cheyer_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg     megak_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg           sz24_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_right_sad_open.jpg               megak_left_neutral_open.jpg               sz24_up_happy_open.jpg
cheyer_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg         megak_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg         sz24_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_straight_angry_open.jpg          megak_left_sad_open.jpg                   sz24_up_neutral_open.jpg
cheyer_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg    megak_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg             sz24_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_straight_happy_open.jpg          megak_right_angry_open.jpg                sz24_up_sad_open.jpg
cheyer_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg    megak_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg          sz24_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_straight_neutral_open.jpg        megak_right_happy_open.jpg                tammo_left_angry_open.jpg
cheyer_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg  megak_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg          tammo_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_straight_sad_open.jpg            megak_right_neutral_open.jpg              tammo_left_happy_open.jpg
cheyer_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg      megak_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg        tammo_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_up_angry_open.jpg                megak_right_sad_open.jpg                  tammo_left_neutral_open.jpg
cheyer_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg          megak_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg            tammo_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_up_happy_open.jpg                megak_straight_angry_open.jpg             tammo_left_sad_open.jpg
cheyer_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg          megak_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg       tammo_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_up_neutral_open.jpg              megak_straight_happy_open.jpg             tammo_right_angry_open.jpg
cheyer_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg        megak_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg       tammo_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
cheyer_up_sad_open.jpg                  megak_straight_neutral_open.jpg           tammo_right_happy_open.jpg
cheyer_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg 
           
choon_left_angry_open.jpg               megak_straight_sad_open.jpg               tammo_right_neutral_open.jpg
choon_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg         megak_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg         tammo_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
choon_left_happy_open.jpg               megak_up_angry_open.jpg                   tammo_right_sad_open.jpg
choon_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg         megak_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg             tammo_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
choon_left_neutral_open.jpg             megak_up_happy_open.jpg                   tammo_straight_angry_open.jpg
choon_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg       megak_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg             tammo_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
choon_left_sad_open.jpg                 megak_up_neutral_open.jpg                 tammo_straight_happy_open.jpg
choon_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg           megak_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg           tammo_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
choon_right_angry_open.jpg              megak_up_sad_open.jpg                     tammo_straight_neutral_open.jpg
choon_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg        megak_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg               tammo_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
choon_right_happy_open.jpg              mitchell_left_angry_open.jpg              tammo_straight_sad_open.jpg
choon_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg        mitchell_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg        tammo_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
choon_right_neutral_open.jpg            mitchell_left_happy_open.jpg              tammo_up_angry_open.jpg
choon_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg      mitchell_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg        tammo_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
choon_right_sad_open.jpg                mitchell_left_neutral_open.jpg            tammo_up_happy_open.jpg
choon_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg          mitchell_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg      tammo_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
choon_straight_angry_open.jpg           mitchell_left_sad_open.jpg                tammo_up_neutral_open.jpg
choon_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg     mitchell_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg          tammo_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
choon_straight_happy_open.jpg           mitchell_right_angry_open.jpg             tammo_up_sad_open.jpg
choon_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg     mitchell_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg       tammo_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg
choon_straight_neutral_open.jpg
choon_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
choon_straight_sad_open.jpg
choon_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
choon_up_angry_open.jpg
choon_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
choon_up_happy_open.jpg
choon_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
choon_up_neutral_open.jpg
choon_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg 
choon_up_sad_open.jpg
choon_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

danieln_left_angry_open.jpg
danieln_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_left_happy_open.jpg
danieln_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_left_neutral_open.jpg
danieln_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_left_sad_open.jpg
danieln_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_right_angry_open.jpg
danieln_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_right_happy_open.jpg
danieln_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_right_neutral_open.jpg
danieln_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_right_sad_open.jpg
danieln_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_straight_angry_open.jpg
danieln_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_straight_happy_open.jpg
danieln_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_straight_neutral_open.jpg
danieln_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_straight_sad_open.jpg
danieln_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_up_angry_open.jpg
danieln_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_up_happy_open.jpg
danieln_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_up_neutral_open.jpg
danieln_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
danieln_up_sad_open.jpg
danieln_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

glickman_left_angry_open.jpg
glickman_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_left_happy_open.jpg
glickman_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_left_neutral_open.jpg
glickman_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_left_sad_open.jpg
glickman_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_right_angry_open.jpg
glickman_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_right_happy_open.jpg
glickman_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_right_neutral_open.jpg
glickman_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_right_sad_open.jpg
glickman_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_straight_angry_open.jpg
glickman_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_straight_happy_open.jpg
glickman_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_straight_neutral_open.jpg
glickman_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_straight_sad_open.jpg
glickman_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_up_angry_open.jpg
glickman_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_up_happy_open.jpg
glickman_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_up_neutral_open.jpg
glickman_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
glickman_up_sad_open.jpg
glickman_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

karyadi_left_angry_open.jpg
karyadi_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_left_happy_open.jpg
karyadi_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_left_neutral_open.jpg
karyadi_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_left_sad_open.jpg
karyadi_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_right_angry_open.jpg
karyadi_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_right_happy_open.jpg
karyadi_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_right_neutral_open.jpg
karyadi_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_right_sad_open.jpg
karyadi_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_straight_angry_open.jpg
karyadi_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_straight_happy_open.jpg
karyadi_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_straight_neutral_open.jpg
karyadi_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_straight_sad_open.jpg
karyadi_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_up_angry_open.jpg
karyadi_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_up_happy_open.jpg
karyadi_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_up_neutral_open.jpg
karyadi_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
karyadi_up_sad_open.jpg
karyadi_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

kawamura_left_angry_open.jpg
kawamura_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_left_happy_open.jpg
kawamura_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_left_neutral_open.jpg
kawamura_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_left_sad_open.jpg
kawamura_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_right_angry_open.jpg
kawamura_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_right_happy_open.jpg
kawamura_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_right_neutral_open.jpg
kawamura_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_right_sad_open.jpg
kawamura_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_straight_angry_open.jpg
kawamura_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_straight_happy_open.jpg
kawamura_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_straight_neutral_open.jpg
kawamura_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_straight_sad_open.jpg
kawamura_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_up_angry_open.jpg
kawamura_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_up_happy_open.jpg
kawamura_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_up_neutral_open.jpg
kawamura_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kawamura_up_sad_open.jpg
kawamura_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

kk49_left_angry_open.jpg
kk49_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_left_happy_open.jpg
kk49_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_left_neutral_open.jpg
kk49_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_left_sad_open.jpg
kk49_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_right_angry_open.jpg
kk49_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_right_happy_open.jpg
kk49_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_right_neutral_open.jpg
kk49_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_right_sad_open.jpg
kk49_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_straight_angry_open.jpg
kk49_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_straight_happy_open.jpg
kk49_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_straight_neutral_open.jpg
kk49_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_straight_sad_open.jpg
kk49_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_up_angry_open.jpg
kk49_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_up_happy_open.jpg
kk49_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_up_neutral_open.jpg
kk49_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
kk49_up_sad_open.jpg
kk49_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

megak_left_angry_open.jpg
megak_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
megak_left_happy_open.jpg
megak_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
megak_left_neutral_open.jpg
megak_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
megak_left_sad_open.jpg
megak_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
megak_right_angry_open.jpg
megak_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
megak_right_happy_open.jpg
megak_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
megak_right_neutral_open.jpg
megak_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
megak_right_sad_open.jpg
megak_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
megak_straight_angry_open.jpg
megak_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
megak_straight_happy_open.jpg
megak_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
megak_straight_neutral_open.jpg
megak_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
megak_straight_sad_open.jpg
megak_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
megak_up_angry_open.jpg
megak_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
megak_up_happy_open.jpg
megak_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
-megak_up_neutral_open.jpg
megak_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
megak_up_sad_open.jpg
megak_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

mitchell_left_angry_open.jpg
mitchell_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_left_happy_open.jpg
mitchell_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_left_neutral_open.jpg
mitchell_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_left_sad_open.jpg
mitchell_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_right_angry_open.jpg
mitchell_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_right_happy_open.jpg
mitchell_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_right_neutral_open.jpg
mitchell_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_right_sad_open.jpg
mitchell_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_straight_angry_open.jpg
mitchell_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_straight_happy_open.jpg
mitchell_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_straight_neutral_open.jpg
mitchell_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_straight_sad_open.jpg
mitchell_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_up_angry_open.jpg
mitchell_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_up_happy_open.jpg
mitchell_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_up_neutral_open.jpg
mitchell_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
mitchell_up_sad_open.jpg
mitchell_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

night_left_angry_open.jpg
night_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
night_left_happy_open.jpg
night_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
night_left_neutral_open.jpg
night_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
night_left_sad_open.jpg
night_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
night_right_angry_open.jpg
night_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
night_right_happy_open.jpg
night_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
night_right_neutral_open.jpg
night_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
night_right_sad_open.jpg
night_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
night_straight_angry_open.jpg
night_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
night_straight_happy_open.jpg
night_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
 night_straight_neutral_open.jpg
night_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
night_straight_sad_open.jpg
night_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
night_up_angry_open.jpg
night_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
night_up_happy_open.jpg
night_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
night_up_neutral_open.jpg
night_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
night_up_sad_open.jpg
night_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

phoebe_left_angry_open.jpg
phoebe_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_left_happy_open.jpg
phoebe_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_left_neutral_open.jpg
phoebe_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_left_sad_open.jpg
phoebe_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_right_angry_open.jpg
phoebe_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_right_happy_open.jpg
phoebe_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_right_neutral_open.jpg
phoebe_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_right_sad_open.jpg
phoebe_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_straight_angry_open.jpg
phoebe_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_straight_happy_open.jpg
phoebe_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_straight_neutral_open.jpg
phoebe_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_straight_sad_open.jpg
phoebe_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_up_angry_open.jpg
phoebe_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_up_happy_open.jpg
phoebe_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_up_neutral_open.jpg
phoebe_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
phoebe_up_sad_open.jpg
phoebe_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

saavik_left_angry_open.jpg
saavik_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_left_happy_open.jpg
saavik_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_left_neutral_open.jpg
saavik_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_left_sad_open.jpg
saavik_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_right_angry_open.jpg
saavik_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_right_happy_open.jpg
saavik_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_right_neutral_open.jpg
saavik_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_right_sad_open.jpg
saavik_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_straight_angry_open.jpg
saavik_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_straight_happy_open.jpg
saavik_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_straight_neutral_open.jpg
saavik_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_straight_sad_open.jpg
saavik_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_up_angry_open.jpg
saavik_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_up_happy_open.jpg
saavik_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_up_neutral_open.jpg
saavik_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
saavik_up_sad_open.jpg
saavik_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

steffi_left_angry_open.jpg
steffi_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_left_happy_open.jpg
steffi_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_left_neutral_open.jpg
steffi_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_left_sad_open.jpg
steffi_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_right_angry_open.jpg
steffi_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_right_happy_open.jpg
steffi_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_right_neutral_open.jpg
steffi_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_right_sad_open.jpg
steffi_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_straight_angry_open.jpg
steffi_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_straight_happy_open.jpg
steffi_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_straight_neutral_open.jpg
steffi_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_straight_sad_open.jpg
steffi_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_up_angry_open.jpg
steffi_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_up_happy_open.jpg
steffi_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_up_neutral_open.jpg
steffi_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
steffi_up_sad_open.jpg
steffi_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

sz24_left_angry_open.jpg
sz24_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_left_happy_open.jpg
sz24_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_left_neutral_open.jpg
sz24_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_left_sad_open.jpg
sz24_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_right_angry_open.jpg
sz24_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_right_happy_open.jpg
sz24_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_right_neutral_open.jpg
sz24_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_right_sad_open.jpg
sz24_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_straight_angry_open.jpg
sz24_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_straight_happy_open.jpg
sz24_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_straight_neutral_open.jpg
sz24_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_straight_sad_open.jpg
sz24_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_up_angry_open.jpg
sz24_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_up_happy_open.jpg
sz24_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_up_neutral_open.jpg
sz24_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
sz24_up_sad_open.jpg
sz24_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg

tammo_left_angry_open.jpg
tammo_left_angry_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_left_happy_open.jpg
tammo_left_happy_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_left_neutral_open.jpg
tammo_left_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_left_sad_open.jpg
tammo_left_sad_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_right_angry_open.jpg
tammo_right_angry_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_right_happy_open.jpg
tammo_right_happy_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_right_neutral_open.jpg
tammo_right_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_right_sad_open.jpg
tammo_right_sad_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_straight_angry_open.jpg
tammo_straight_angry_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_straight_happy_open.jpg
tammo_straight_happy_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_straight_neutral_open.jpg
tammo_straight_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_straight_sad_open.jpg
tammo_straight_sad_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_up_angry_open.jpg
tammo_up_angry_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_up_happy_open.jpg
tammo_up_happy_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_up_neutral_open.jpg
tammo_up_neutral_sunglasses.jpg
tammo_up_sad_open.jpg
tammo_up_sad_sunglasses.jpg





